1. Prototype:
    Each object has a private property which holds a link to another object called its prototype.

2. The popular 'this' keyword:
    This keyword points to the global window object in the context of
    browser when written inside a regular function call.
    'this' keyword points to the onject to which the method is bond.

3. The method-bind(),call(), apply():
    Used to bind a function while passing the desiredscope to the inner function.
    
4. CSS Selectors:
    Element,ID, Class
    Element-call by name.
    ID-call using #_name.
    Class- create with ._ClassName, and invoke the class for html element

5. Inline:
    No linebreak without Space.

6. Block:
    linebreak with Space.

7. Inline-Block:
    same line with space.

8. Mobile 1st Approach/ Design:
    It is easier to scal a design up to larger screen than to scal in down to smaller screens. Due to the massive growth of mobile browsing,
    this makes mobile first design a great development.

9. Bootstrap:
        Bootstrap has always been the in-demand potential framework for developing responsive projects. 
        Bootstrap offers a responsive, mobile-first fluid grid system that adequately scales up to 12 columns 
        as the screen or viewport size increases. It’s jam-packed with predefined classes for easy layout creation, 
        as well as useful mixins for generating semantic and fluid layouts.

        Container: 
            It is the fundamental building blocks of the BS layout.

10. DOM- Document object model:
    The Programming interface for interacting with an HTML document represented as a tree data structure.
    Each HTML elemnt in the document is a node in the DOM Tree, with nested content represented as children in the tree. 
        * Provides an API
        * Tree structure
        * Element & Text are nodes   

11. ES5 VS ES6
    The major version of JS has been released in 2015- ES6
    All versions before ES6 can be considered as ES5.

12. Scoping:
    Function Scope- var-(sometime global scope)
    Block Scope- let, const
    Hoisting will work only on Let/ const